The Joe Rogan experience.
I mean, I worry about it. You kind of go,
what happens when the progressives convince Facebook that San
is, is dangerous.
Yeah. And that's not outside the realm of possibility at all. The,
this thing that you say about silencing you,
that's not outside the realm of possibility. You know, I've seen it. I mean,
we were talking about Barry Weiss earlier. She got,
basically pushed out in New York times because of this sort of ideology
that's spreading rampant through journalism and journalism has become slash
activism.
And then there's this idea that you have to do whatever you can
and by any means necessary, push your agenda and silence the oppressors.
You know, even if these oppressors are people like you, that are just saying,
listen, you've gotta take a,
a more radical approach to dealing with these ever-growing problems.
And one of the ways might be this carrot in this,
in this stick and this idea that you have to give people consequences for their
actions and people for good actions.
And we could possibly like build people back up,
but we're gonna have to do it in a way that's gonna make folks uncomfortable.
Yeah.
I mean, it's definitely, it seems like two things are going on at once, right?
There's definitely this top down effort at censorship and including of people
like me. In fact, I was censored by Facebook. You were.
I was.
How so? Um, when my last book came, 'em out, they censored, um, true facts.
Which book is that? Apocalypse never this one. Yep. Um, yeah, they.
Censored. Why environmental alarmism hurts.
Us all. Yeah. That came out in June of last year and I was censored, um,
in the article I wrote about it.
And now other people that write about climate change are being censored.
I will say though, you know, I mean.
How so were you censored? Like what, what did you say that was? They put a.
They put a, uh, they put a,
like a warning label on the article that was being shared.
That was the initial article,
announcing the book saying this contains misleading and false information.
It's not true. Didn't contain a single piece of false information.
And misleading is a really subjective thing, right?
Like what did you say that they objected.
To the main? So the main issues were, I point out that we're not in the,
in the midst of a mass extinction, uh,
a mass extinction is when over when 75 or 90% of all species on earth are,
are extinct or going extinct. In fact,
only 6% of species are critically endangered and most of them should or will
survive.
The other one is I pointed out that natural disasters are not getting worse.
Deaths from natural disasters have declined over 90% over the last hundred
years. We're just much better at dealing with hurricanes and floods and, and,
you know, non-client related disasters like earthquakes as well. Um,
and so what they, they respond, you know, the, on the disasters,
they point out that there's some evidence that hurricanes are becoming somewhat
more intense,
but then they leave out the fact that the best available science predicts that
hurricanes will become 25% less frequent,
but 5% more intense north Atlantic hurricanes. But it, but I even,
that doesn't matter because our just we're just so much better at preparing for
hurricanes. So like vanishingly few people die.
I think something like in the most recent, I think 2019,
something like 400 Americans died of natural disasters, right?
It's like 300 cuz I was like 300 times more people died of drug deaths in the
United States than from natural disaster. I mean, these,
this is how these two books work together is me as a,
as someone that considers myself liberal or moderate, I used to be progressive.
I don't use that label anymore.
But my view is the drug crisis is objectively a much bigger threat to
human life and to civilization than climate change,
like we're adapted really well to climate change.
We should do something about it. It's real, there are risks associated with it,
but like there's no scenario in the intergovernment panel,
climate change of climate change killing 93,000 Americans a year. In fact,
there's no scenario of it killing of a, of an increasing, uh,
deaths from natural disasters at all.
Is it, why is it more attractive? Why is that a more attractive talking point?
Because this is one of the things that you, you can keep hearing from, uh,
whether it's whistle blowers at, uh,
news organizations where they're saying that climate change is the next thing
they're looking at it, according to, you know,
these people that are talking about it, they're,
they're looking at climate change as the next thing that's gonna freak people
out enough to guarantee ratings.
You. Yeah. I mean, I, I look at the,
so both of these books are similar in the sense that I debunk popular myths.
I explain what the solutions are.
And then I also explore why it is that say the people that say they're the most
concerned about climate change,
oppose the main solutions to reducing carbon emissions or adapting to climate
change. <affirmative> basically the three things won't surprise you.
There's financial interests. There's just sort of a broader will to power,
both kind of status and politics. And just kind of,
I'm gonna jet around the world and tell people how to live their.
Lives, which is hilarious and often happens.
Yes. And then the third is, um, religion and that, you know,
the of God, what NCHA called the death of God,
which is basically we just stop believing in traditional religions,
whether it's Judaism or Christianity or Buddhism or Hinduism,
as we stop believing in traditional religions, we still have a fear of death.
We still have a need to believe in some higher power.
And so we make new religions. And the problem with the new religion,
whether it's climate apocalypse woke is or woke is or victimology.
The problem is that the people that are,
that are the adherence to those new religions,
don't think that they're promoting a new religion.
They think that they're just being more compassionate or I'm just being more
sensitive or whatever. Yeah. So they're actually more,
they're more dogmatic than the people in the traditional religions,
cuz know you meet people that have even evangelical views.
They'll always be like, well, you know, I am an evangelical Christian, right?
So they have some awareness of it. But, but folks that are,
they don't like these people don't go, well,
I am an apocalyptic environmentalist. What they say is <laugh> they go, they go,
I'm more aware of the science or, you know, I'm, I just love nature.
And I just care about poor people more than you.
It's always cast in some sort of highly charged moralizing
framework, you know, which is like this idea, you know, it's like this,
the main idea of the folks that, that have created the,
the disaster in our cities is that they care. That's the conceit, you know,
it's, it's the, I care. I just care more than you do. You are just more in,
you're just insensitive, total, but that kind of emotional,
that kind of appeal to emotion, um, has, has a lot of power.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.